## 2024 March 20
###### Week No. 12/52
###### Wednesday.






# Breakthroughs
- Being able to **embed** an html into another html. I can use this for my pages. Have everything on a single page.
- Images in markdown via \[\]\(\)
- Markdown is **SICK**
- (Have to use \\ backticks for escaping characters)

# Questions and Queries, Potential Todos
- HTML Progress Bar? 
- Privatize Github. So that no one reads my personal notes. I occasionally post something cringy.
- Discord/Github Webhooks. How?
- How to connect HTML to websocket?
- How to connect websocket to Firebase?
- JSON Database?
- Markdown to HTML? Specifically for DnD Session Notes.
- Dnd Session Notes - Previous Sessions need to be in the lore page.
- Make the Walk around Itch.io Game better.
- Include low opacity movement controls.
- DnD Open API. There's one online. With items database.
- HTML Websocket for the car?
- Did I outgrow Twine? It's a markdown game engine.
- Have to make a visual novel first. use Tuesday Novel Engine. Oh, I managed to connect iframe .









#### Github Pages Max Size
1 GB.

#### Itch.io Size Limit
500MB.
This means that my games will have to be less than this for optimization reasons.

#### Phone Optimization Notes
For Interactive game and notes portions:

360x800 Typical Mobile Size.

On Webflow it's 320 width.

px
em

rem

vh and ww

vmax and vmin


##### My Game Workflow
- **Aseprite** for 2D Art
- **Gdevelop** for JS interactivity
- **N/A** Music and Sound effect
- **N/A** 3D Art

##### Workflow Plans
- **PixageFX** Studio for faster pixelart processing
- **PixelOver** for animation
- **Crocotile3D** for 2D, 2.5D, and 3D Application
- **Webflow** for prototyping.

### Why Markdown
It's easy to go from:
Markdown file > Markdown app >HTML > Rendered output.

### Markdown Notes
Blockquote to show that I'm pulling the information from elsewhere.
A lot of stuff is 'pulled from elsewhere.'

## Personal

### Physical
Doing pretty good overall.
- Time in front of PC can't be good for back.
- HTML Page with Forms: What's my workout rep info? 

### Mental
9/10. Enjoying learning.
### Social
- Enjoy being left alone in front of the computer. for hours.
### Financial
- Still unemployed. a problem to be fixed with an obvious solution.

Non quantifiable notes
- Damn, I really like efficiency. It applies to wanting the most playability with the least amount of bytes. Pixels and etc.

# Employment
Need to find a job. a gig job will do. start working right NOW.
But I need a constant income source.

## Education Week 12/26
Hmmm. I should get on that. Remember, it's reduced college. One shot, don't blow it. 
...Why am I not chasing it relentlessly?
I'm a dog in a junkyard. I should be chasing after it.

Still gotta submit Natural Science Lab
still gotta pass web foundations.


# The Plan
Get this degree in a year. 
2024 Jan 2 1200hrs was start time.
**January**
- [X] Health and Fitness
- Passed Jan 5  10 Days in.
- [X] American Politics and the US Constitution – C963
- [ ] Natural Science Lab – C683
- [X] Introduction to Physical and Human Geography – D199
- [ ] Web Development Foundations – D276
- [ ] Technical Communication – D339
- [ ] Network and Security - Foundations – D315
     
**Feb**
- [ ] Data Management - Foundations – D426
- [ ] Hardware and Operating Systems Essentials – D386
- [ ] Data Management - Applications – D427
**March**
- [ ] Introduction to Systems Thinking – D372
- [ ] Version Control – D197
- [ ] Cloud Foundations – D282
     
 **April**
- [ ] Scripting and Programming - Foundations – D278
- [ ] Applied Probability and Statistics – C955
- [ ] Business of IT - Project Management – D324
      
 **May**
- [ ] Applied Algebra – C957
- [ ] Introduction to Programming in Python – D335
- [ ] Ethics in Technology – D333
      
 **June** 
- [ ] Business of IT – Applications – D336
- [ ] Data Structures and Algorithms I – C949
- [ ] IT Leadership Foundations – D370
      
 **July**
- [ ] Front-End Web Development – D277
- [ ] JavaScript Programming – D280
- [ ] Software Engineering – D284
      
 **August**
- [ ] Java Fundamentals – D286
- [ ] User Interface Design – D279
- [ ] User Experience Design – D479
      
 **September**
- [ ] Back-End Programming – D288
- [ ] Advanced Java – D387
- [ ] Software Design and Quality Assurance – D480
      
 **October**
- [ ] Advanced Data Management – D326
- [ ] Software Security and Testing – D385
- [ ] Mobile Application Development (Android) – D308
      
 **November**
- [ ] Software Engineering Capstone – D424
- [ ]
- [ ]

 **December**
- [ ]
- [ ]
- [ ]
 

 ## Random Notes / Brain 

 Okay.
Still getting the hang of doing all this commits stuff.
I'm getting better, though.
Now I'm doing all my commits from VSCode.
breakthrough - using <object> to connect html pages inside each other. It's cool. nesting stuff.
I can connect folders now.
This is all quite cool. quite fun.
I focus on the interactive.

don't use <object>, use <iframe.> inline frame.

Works.
 
There's an embed feature right from itch.io.
The Gdevelop game required a web server to export to. idk why. The format called for it.
The whole game was about 3mbs total.

Polling an API?
Application Programming Interface


What is flexbox?

Div > Section
Section is smaller.



## Brain Tangents and Random Notes
- with AI art on the rise, What we have to do is focus on what makes us human. Arts. Stories. While I'm learning how to do robot stuff, I also need to fit in my human stuff. If anything, the human stuff is actually more important.
- PixelArt on Pinterest looks really good.

- [Playground AI? Pretty Cool. Linked by Lorrie.](https://playground.com/canvas/uzhn3zrhnmrde7v38qelepie6)

Have the random notes at the bottom. So I can add to it. It's messy to do it in the middle.

The more permanent stuff stays at the top.

# My main repositories:

### Greiye-Github.io - [My public website](https://greiye.github.io/) . This will be my Resume. is site is for the things I want people to see.

### Greiye - Github Profile. - Still don't really know what this is for.

### MichaelGo-Greiye-Private-Repository - Effectively my journal.
Usw with markdown and photos, I guess. 


Github Pages Repo **CANNOT** be your Github Profile with special repository readme.

The Special Repository Readme needs your repository name to be the same as your username.
The GitHub Pages feature requires you to make a new repository named username.github.io

Private Notes - Journal


Th







What is Jekyll and Github pages?

From what I understand, it's 
