Worked on Aseprite of my Organization.
Looks good.

Date and time.
It's supposed to in theme, tell me how much time I have left in the day.

It'll also show me the weather. It should influence my decision to go outside and enjoy the day.

Hook it up to weather API.


Amazing Day alert.

It'll also show me my calendar. hook that up to Google API.

Tell me what I gotta do for the week.

Pixel Art that changes with the day.
It should show the city of Vegas.
And my car.

Optimize this for mobile view. in the future.

Radio/Cassette player for fun.

Buttons on the side for my PMSF organization. THey should interact with the old car screen.

Sunvisor Wishlist
Keep me inspired to keep doing what I do.

CSS needs to gradial change.
If (Weather Api, past sun up), then blue (EarlyMorningTheme)

How many themes?
1 Dark Blue
2 Light Blue
3 Day Out
4 Getting Dark, Orange
5 Night time

Okay. 70 Questions. for when I did the pre-assessment.
Javascript issues can be seen on Console, in Google or Firefox Inspector.

Natural Science Lab
Web Development Foundations 
Technical Communication 
Network and Security - Foundations 
Data Management - Foundations
Composition: Successful Self-Expression 
Hardware and Operating Systems Essentials
Data Management - Applications
Introduction to Systems Thinking 
Version Control 
Cloud Foundations 
Scripting and Programming - Foundations 
Applied Probability and Statistics 
Business of IT - Project Management 
Applied Algebra 
Introduction to Programming in Python 
Ethics in Technology 
Business of IT – Applications 
Data Structures and Algorithms I 
IT Leadership Foundations 
Front-End Web Development 
JavaScript Programming 
Software Engineering 
Java Fundamentals 
Java Frameworks
User Interface Design 
User Experience Design 
Back-End Programming 
Advanced Java 
Software Design and Quality Assurance 
Advanced Data Management
Software Security and Testing
Mobile Application Development (Android)
Software Engineering Capstone