I should do home no weight workouts. Take what I learned from the GYM.

I should go fishing with Mr. Bayite.

Software Capstone? What's it about? I gotta plan for that.
4:52AM.

#### Skincare
Micellar Water with Hyaluronic Acid

#### How I used my time while studying:
I feels like I used it poorly.
It must feel this way because I didn't stick to my goals.
On the occasion that I did make a goal, I'd forget about it. What I could've done weeks ago, I didn't.
It's procrastination. Focusing more on Short term. foregoing the long term.

### Motherly Expectations
I can read it like a book. Mom's gonna go into the kitchen and start her daily routine. She's gonna make a lot of weird noises, which is common for her back at the farm. It's a lot of silly noises. These noises irritate me. So do the dogs constantly barking.

I should take them out for more walks.

The noises are going to irritate me. I prefer quiet. If not quiet, then at least subtle noises that have value. I can't take valueless talk. It's annoying. Might as well just make random noises like some kind of babboon.

After the noises, mom will want to talk to me about random topics. I've done this before as a test. rapidly change topics. And you know what? Mom doesn't notice. She'll just keep talking and talking, saying nothing. I talk about the weather. look up to the sky. See how blue it is. Say something about color. remark that blue is a calming color. like the sea. then talk about boats. then fishing. then food. then seafood. then the food that most people in our culture eat. then bananas. then leaves. then trees. then gardening. then hobbies. then the Vegas Golden Knights. Then hockey. Then ice skating. 16 topics in a minute, and she doesn't notice. Because it's not about the topic, it's about just talking. And I don't need that in my life right now.

It's insidious to write this. I already feel bad writing it out. What if it was me, that mom was writing this about? It would break my young heart. If I was still sensitive as I was, when I was a child. Nowadays to discover a letter about how 'my youngest, Mikey, just keeps talking non-stop, at age 10' would make me review my thought patterns. Then try to improve upon better thoughts. I'd still be hurt, yes, but I would derive value from it, rather than see it as just the emotional release that this fictional letter would be.

Right. back to the talking.

She'll talk and talk, and she'll ask about my studies. Then she'll try to understand, but she won't really understand.
Now that I'm older at 29, I see that mom was above intelligence, above being a farmer. She got us here, after all. in America.
But her habits, she didn't learn from Lolo. The clutter everywhere. The tie in with environment and mental health. In some ways she's still mentally in the 1980's, when she was 22.
At some point she stopped challenging herself to be smarter. To life, she's reacting rather than thinking.
At this stage in life, it's documented that she wants companionship. In a way, like what Liv said, She expects me to be the husband. the caretaker.

Am I comfortable with that? No.
Am I comfortable with being a dependent? No.
At this stage in my life, I need stability. I think I've lived a decent young adult stage. Won't help to say it was shitty.
I cannot do both. I cannot provide the companionship required for a senior (feeks like 10 hours a day is needed), talking about random shit that isn't related to my main goal: secure a new career. That already takes a lot of hours. It's bullshit to ignore these needs.

I don't want companionship, I want education to get me money.
Because mom can't earn it anymore. She's not working towards earning money. Her mentality is 'I've done enough, now I retire.'
That's practically signing off on your own death warrant. A life of calm leads to rapid muscle and bone decay.

I acknowledge the fact that I'm a bit of a leech. Can't be helped. I eat a lot. I probably use up $80 a week, so 320, along with gas, weekly. I have to earn my keep. I'm in no mentality to let others work for me.

Anyway. Back to mom. I gotta sort my feelings to get the most out of this situation. Always look forward.

To sum it up, I find mom annoying. That's the truth of it. NOW. Let's break it down.
Annoying why? She's in my way of getting my education.
Am I really getting my education? Yes, but it feels like the bare minimum. I could have been done in March, of this month. But no. I procrastinate. A bad habit is actually learning future material rather than doing the current material.

That's... that's a **breakthrough**.**
>I procrastinate by studying for a class that i haven't enrolled in. Because the current class too challenging (In broad terms.)

## Stock Market
I need to practice on there more.
I have Binance. What other platforms do I have?
Gotta get back into paper trading.

## Fitness
Glycogen Stores is about 500gram, high side.
BCAA Drink and Electolytes like 30min before run.
I should do fasted cardio.
 10 min warmup, light job, stretch.
run at least 30 min, vigourous.
Interval Training to burn Glycogen stores.
Takes 48hours to replenish.


After training, eat.
For now, time it so that I get home at like 7:30AM. Then prep and eat with mom
Remember, spaced out meals of 1600kcal total. So like, 400kcal meals? 1 cup, at 300

How much is too much running for me?
MISSION: RECORD MY RUNS TO SEE WHEN MY JOINTS START TO HURT. THE INFORMATION CAN BE USED TO PUSH MYSELF FURTHER.

Oatmeal at 78grams. about 300 Calories.
Gotta get used to these portions. Body's used to american portions.

Think it's time to no longer bulk. Gotta cut. Say that I can even do it on purpose.

Taking protein before workouts is important, to keep body from eating muscle protein.

Low impact cardio for rest days.

Terms to research: Lipolysis.

gotta look at my split days.
Yesterday, I did arms. 
Gotta burn my leg glycogen stores.

Seeing a lot of cool exercises online.

Smith Machine
Hack Squat (feet are out forward, it's )
Straight Leg Deadlift
Zercher Squats (bar's on elbow pocket)
Calf Raises with weight on floor
Overhand bent rows
Single Arm Shoulder Press
Inverted Rows

Zoning out now.
.

.

...
Mom wants to talk right? well, here's some ideas
historicals, but rough draft first.

No.

Focus on the code.

Can I draw SVGs on a program and input into html?


Cool DnD Thinking.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sXdCKd0XdE&ab_channel=GDC

